Howdy, I'm Alan. I'm Brent. And we're here for another episode of AB testing. I think we're at 68.
68.
Welcome to episode 68.
We are way ahead of schedule. No, we're not. We predicted in the year episode would be I think 70. Yeah, we're not doing anymore.
No, this is the last one. I'm divorcing.
Meanwhile three people on the internet are going, no, no.
Are they? Are they? Are they going?
Yeah, okay.
Potentially. Potentially.
Okay, so how you been? What's new? Anything new and exciting in the Jensen household?
It's been a rough week this last week
working lots of hours and then to top it all off
at around 3 o'clock in the morning
woke up with a
massive leg cramp. I'm tired. I'm in pain. Okay, so Brent. This should be an amusing episode.
Bad mood and
we have some things to get through and
because Brent's slow we're starting a little late because did you sleep in your office? Did I wake you up when I got here?
No, no, I had my text. I was I was
having a one-on-one with an employee.
You are you are an even earlier riser than me. So you may recall those you'd listen to episode 67.
We talked about oh wait, what's new with me? Nothing.
Back on the show
we did a little role playing not that kind of role playing but Brent took on his former persona of a
traditional test manager. Yep. And we had a discussion with Alan modern test manager and we stated our points we
dug on each other a little bit and
Generated some discussion at least among the three on the one of the three slack channel and on Twitter as well
Yeah, there was a lot of I mean a lot more than usual activity on on Twitter when we post a new episode
You know, it's not uncommon to have several people
Retweet the announcement. No, it's all good. I absolutely love the feedback
for me the the slack channels become a just a
Fantastic resource for the production of the episodes
Yeah, it definitely is a way for us to make sure it's way to connect with our fans
No, it's a way for
Brett and I to figure out what people like and what people don't like and one thing
Where we were confusing
Where we were extra confusing and where we just plain sounded stupid a couple things
I learned that I mentioned this on the last episode and worth bringing up again is
One revelation I had at the end of maybe in the middle of our recording
I thought about a lot since then and I don't have an answer yet, but I'll bring it up is
Coming up with a better elevator pitch on just what the heck I do and and and the value of a modern test manager and how and
expressing the value of
what I do to
connect testers and set vision and strategy and build my community of quality and testing expert to
accelerate the achievement of shippable quality
It's visible to those I work with I think if not, I definitely work harder on it
but in explaining it to someone off the street, it's a
Little bit more difficult when so much of the value I bring
Maybe not as much as I think of but I think a lot of value I bring is
intangible sort of that player on the team who tries to make people around him better, but I
Bet there are some tangible things too. I'm just not this don't come consciously to mind
it even within the
Definition that we talk about if our job is to accelerate the achievement of shippable quality
Right. How do you measure acceleration? Spenometer?
Is there a?
Unity developed a test speedometer. No
That's the interesting thing. So what do you?
What are saying that this is rhetorical because I don't know the answers
But what are some things that you can measure to tell if you're accelerating and I actually I think this is
Going back to Doug Hubbard how to measure anything. I think it's a measurable thing, but it's
It would take some time and experiments figure out which things are the right things and which things could are
more or less likely to be gamed, but
It's you can
Maybe even before you have the tangible measurements on that you certainly can
Feel that it's apparent that we're accelerating the ship the shipment of achievable quality
Which is a whole new thing. Yeah
Accelerating
quality you can tell when that's happening on the team if you you see things happening, but
It'll take me all come up with to come up with and to figure out if I need to measure specific things for that
Well, first off, I think you do
you as
the director of the the QA organization you are
somewhat accountable for the business of QA and
Here I literally mean the business side of it the ROI
Yeah, we we've we've talked about this before shot
QA is in most organizations perceived as a cost
Yes, right. Yes, and it's definitely more on that later in the episode. Yeah a deep dive
I'm thinking through things like like if we're an accelerant and our goal is to accelerate quality
Then in today's world, I think about Lytle's law
Yeah, I don't think I know Lytle's law is Lytle. How does it felt? LIDLE? I think
it may be little slaw I think it's spelled exactly the same as as
Little all right, but it's okay. It's it's one of the ways you measure the
productivity of a of a Kanban team, okay, and
you a
mature Kanban team over time
Their work ends up being roughly same sized
It is just a phenomenon that ends up
happening and
As you tighten and tighten your work gets smaller and smaller and then all you're doing is you're measuring
The rate at which you start new items. Ah
Interesting
Kanban
Right if this is only in a pure Kanban system where you have whip on
I don't want to get today's on an agile episode I think
Thinking we know what our episodes are about right?
I've learned what they're about as I'm editing and getting ready to post gotcha
So there's in a Kanban board you have this thing called whip which stands for work in progress
And it's a limit on how many items are allowed to be in that column at any given time
It sort of forces you to not
forces your team to not
multitask
Lidle's law is
essentially how they figure out
When you when you go to a restaurant and they have a wait time
Have you ever wondered how they figure it out how long the wait is?
That gives so much complexity you got shifts you get you got chefs you may have two you may have three
They have a but after a while they learn that they know no, it's actually really easy
All you have to measure is the time delta between when you sit people down
So that yeah, that doesn't make any sense. So Kanban when you have no no go back go back to the restaurant
So okay, what I think you maybe missed a word in there
When so, let's say I get to the restaurant and they tell me it's a 20 minute wait for a table. When do they have?
When do they have wait times?
When there are too many customers for the tables to have available
Correct so that everyone inside the restaurant the restaurant
10 tables their their whip is 10 right perfect. So what they do
when they seat a
Person that means capacity is opened up, right when they seat a person
When they seat a family or a bunch of visitors, they're seating them because a capacity is opened up
What they do is they measure the time Delta
Between when they last sat somebody. Oh, so if it took them if the
Person in front of me took 20 minutes to get their table, then I'm gonna take 20 minutes
roughly, yeah, okay that and then as they as they I
Guess that works on on average, but let's say I have
10 tables and I had five people come in all at five o'clock cuz they wanted to have dinner early
Mm-hmm
They all got there together and then I had people trickle in over the next
Over the next hour and they all take varying times to finish
If those still is five people that got there early all finished at the same time
And there's a brief period where the wait time is very is accelerated
So the whip opened wide up
Over time it spaces out
But there are moments of burst. Okay, you can I wreck hold on
I wreck I wreck man just pointing out that although I agree that it over time and on average that will work
It's it's a fallible heuristic. I would call it a heuristic rather than a law because it is fallible
So no
I will leave it
Again, and I'm too tired to go into the math. I will just say it is an estimator
For those who understand the Poisson distribution
the value that you're gonna select based off of the history is what's known as the
Expected value, but it follows the distribution. So it's always going to be if you wanted the waitress to be precise
You would ask her for what's known as the expected value plus the confidence interval and then she's gonna spit in my food
Probably she's gonna look at you go. What's a confident confidence interval sir?
The no actually the good that where restaurants I go they fire back and say it'll be 17 minutes and 30 seconds
Well, then 80% confidence rate and then I kiss her on the lips when my wife punches me
Trying to wind this back to whatever the hell we were talking about before
Silly man, so like a simple way to apply a measure here would be to measure
apply land of light of law
the main parameter for Poisson distribution is known as lambda and
What you're trying to observe is are
Are the things that you're doing number one?
positively changing lambda mean which would be a measurement of
acceleration
Alan's smiling am I going way too geeky on this one? He is but I think
What's a baby sheep called a lamb? Duh? Oh
Man and but then the other thing is in agile particularly in in
Kanban one of the the principles
is
Optimize the whole right so you don't want to just measure how fast your team is
efficiently starting new work
You also want to measure as they ship it
Are we delivering positive or negative results so you need a measure of quality in some regard sir?
I'm actually working on a similar problem today is
This is a common corporate problem where you want to know
Hey is the is support is our support process in general
creating happier or unhappier customers
Probably next week. I have several different things. I'm going to try to see if there's a correlation
because the
What we're trying to do is get online a bunch of self-help assets and we want to know okay
so we can measure whether or not self-help is actually
Causing people to not have to go through the manual process and contact our support team
but how do we know is it improving sentiment or
not
so gonna start looking for correlations between common pain signals like
Do they leave the company do they reduce their usage?
Don't want to have to resort to surveys surveys are the lowest form of quality data
Yeah, how do we get here? Can we go back you asked?
You spoke how do we measure? Yeah, whether or not we're accelerating the achievement of shippable quality
Well, you know you need a you need a metric around acceleration
you need a metric around quality that you are constantly looking at and
distrusting to a point
That's forcing you to improve the metric. Okay. I want to go a little
deeper into some of that discussion, but I think we can just set it up with a mailbag question from the
from
The slack channel. Okay, and then from there. I have an article came out recently. I'd like to discuss with you. Okay
That's the plan here. So
mailbag
It's been a while since we had a mailbag so
There was a nice discussion around the role of the modern tester
And then there was a discussion leading up to this that maybe we'll go back to but I'll go ahead and read the the mailbag question
Salty says just last week. I heard a developer complaining about how the company was not supporting them because it was
Removing a quote testing resource. So they were having to do more testing
It seems like I'm not QA mindset and the testing is for load paid grunts mindset can be very much alive still
So how do we go about changing that mindset?
How do we show the developers that there is value to them in doing their own testing?
So it reminded me of I want to jump in here first. I have a story
I'm sure I've mentioned a long long time ago, but I worked on Windows CE from when from night
No about 2000 the 2004 2005
Which was an embedded version of Windows a real embedded version like super small
it could you could boot a OS with a web server and and and camera drivers off of a
1.44 inch floppy which some of our listeners can't even remember what those look like
But very small OS. So anyway, I worked on this very small OS I helped
Transition and teach that team to write unit tests for their code. This is back in this time
Believe it or not. There are many many teams. In fact, most teams at Microsoft did not even write unit tests
That was the testers job. I
helped I got the team writing unit tests and
Many developers came to me privately and asked this is just unit tests. I said hey if we're writing unit tests
What is the test team gonna do and?
There's a worst part of this story
Someone who hadn't seen the light yet
Obviously came to me a tester came to me and said hey if the developers writing unit tests, what are we gonna do?
Which is a different I could solve that problem a little bit differently
but what we did at the time is just show value in all the other kinds of
Testing work and quality work we could do the story shift a little bit, but it's the same answer my short answer for
the question is
Show value in all the other ways we can improve and accelerate quality in the product
And there's a laundry list of those which we can go through in a little bit, but I'll let you
Elaborate on your answer first. I think there's multiple answers to this question. No, there can be only one
No, I mean the the
So I've helped I think now
There's at least three teams that I've helped go through this this chain
and I've heard every
Possible I think I've heard every possible pushback from dev the one sad thing about
test is
Test sometimes by their words and definitely by their actions
over and over and over again
Proves that we are load-paid grunts. I
Didn't bring this up I should have I like a
There's a whole bunch of other things that we could have discussed in the modern versus tradition. Oh, yeah
This is discussion that was missed but one of the things
That that test in the old school really added value to the org
Was by being the organizationals the organization's scapegoat
We were the ones
That I think of a slide deck I saw from Alan a while ago
Where tests were the the people following the elephants in the parade? Yeah, I have the sequence of slides
I've shown in a few different talks. It show we are the champions of quality. I showed some superheroes and
We are the gatekeepers that shows like some video game. They're guarding the gate. I say, you know, who else?
Guards make sure that everything is cleaned up to the end
I show these guys shoveling crap in a parade of just piles of horse what and no no
Organization would ever
Explicitly do this, but I've I've often just paid attention to
How are things treated? What are the actions that support the words?
And the reality is is that a lot of tests their role is is really to be the scapegoat for the organization
That's that's why dev values test in this role
If if something gets past me, I don't have to be accountable. I can blame test that's that's why
one of the questions in the old school that
That was important for a lead was to say to be able to
Smartly answer why wasn't this found before? Mm-hmm because that that question comes up all the time
the accountability
test enables the accountability for dev for the quality of their code to
Go downstream, but who wouldn't want that I could write I could do whatever I want and I can blame someone else. That's fantastic
Right now
That's one of the challenges you're gonna work against
In in this world now what I did and an Allen story is a little bit different
What I did is I joined dev
right, yeah, right I I joined dev I
created a team that was a mix of dev and test and
Quite honestly, I kicked ass because I understood how the system actually worked
I understood what our goals were which was velocity and quality and I understood that bug slowed me down
Now I was very well
noticed as
doing things differently
very differently
But the results that I delivered
was also
very well noticed I
Wrote an article reminds me that I still point people to
It's 10 years old but called the one that got away. It's up on sticky minds. Okay about the same thing like
It's a true story. I didn't didn't even change the names
Nobody knows them. Did you claim that you change the names? I know oh
but
The story was about they released a product customer had a bug
They complained about it our dev director got really pissed off and and and yelled at my boss and I I was
Again, I've spent most my career sort of the technical assistant the test directors
paraphrase the article you can go read the damn thing but
It talks about this culture of blame and how to kind of get out of it and make sure it's a it's about
Understanding when you make mistakes, it's about learning and understanding
Obviously, you don't want to make bad ones that cost millions of dollars, but people have and they've learned from them
There's plenty of anecdotes and stories around that I have not and maybe you have Alan. I have not found
In terms of the problem of hey
What is test gonna do the regardless of who comes to it or or as the salty gunner asked?
You know, how do we influence dev on this front?
I think it has to be through action and showing value and and data where it matters
I haven't that's what I was to say. I have not found a way of doing it
Via words and philosophizing. Absolutely not
Now and so there in is this is a catch-22
Right because if you if if you need approval in order to try and you need to try in order to prove
You're in a loop now what I've done in the past is I've gone dark I
As a manager, I would keep one or two resources my back pocket hide them from my schedules
And then I would just call them resources
That traditional test manager coming out there perhaps or just tired Brent it's maybe a little both I
had kick-ass employees
Resources in my mind actually to do a feeble backtrack I was thinking about
Capacity on on my team not necessarily actually people but
Essentially available work hours. That's alright
But I would I would not use them all up and I would use them on on sort of these proof projects
It's actually one of the ways that I helped
Get agile I did my part to get agile into the company there was multiple different people back in the day. I remember
Back when you were right driving Q tech you asked me to come sit on a panel for agile. Mm-hmm. That was very
Early on in Microsoft. I don't even call it adoption because Microsoft still hasn't adopted agile wholeheartedly
There's us. It's a lot better than it was back in those days
But there was certainly certainly there was a lot of questions from the audience were were really concerned about risk and and
You knew they well, how do we prove this to management? I'm like look
Any sort of change like this humans by nature are are resistant to change
We know how to make it work in this model. Yeah, it's not optimal, but we know how to make it work
and the way you
Break through that is you have to carve off and and I always frame it as tell you what I'm gonna carve off some of my
people
And I'm going to do a pilot
I'll take two people do a pilot for for three months and I'll report back
And I think you can go much much smaller than that it can be
Just a couple little things you do here and here and there
It doesn't have to be people carved off for three months
It can be part of a person for a few weeks just to start showing. Oh what you did that?
That's that's cool. Let's do more of that
So I I don't want to scare anyone to thinking it has to be even that big of an investment
but I do think that
You need to experiment and pilot and do things in little chunks even if you're not given permission I
have I
Have blogged around my experience. So I don't want to spend all of our podcast going through it again
The the most important thing that
That I did from a leadership point of view is I said, all right
Tell you what? I'm gonna run my own dev team and I'll do it with testers and
I've done this repeatedly the last team I left I helped I started started off that process
The guy that's now running it
It was a former test manager and he's known for being one of the strongest engineering teams now
and but he had to deal with six months of being put down even in that role because
He was just a former test manager pretending to be dev
Yeah, and he doesn't hear that anymore at all
Anyway, I was anything else practical we could
suggest on this one
Like you can't use words. It's gonna be context-sensitive
That's the best the main point you can't and this is a common failure across a lot of changes and we've and
without
Actually specifically avoiding a deep dive into how to do organizational change
Which I'm sure we've talked about before as well
Is
You just you need to show
Examples and people will recognize it and you need to look for
one thing
Michael Lop on
Ranz and her pose blog one thing he does and I do as well as what's called a trickle list
This is not stuff that goes on my combine board because not stuff that ever gets done
But it's stuff I need to do
consistently
One of the and it can be things like
Meet with dev dev directors and managers. It's like I don't have specific meetings
But I make sure that like once or twice a week
I take some time to do a drive-by or a slack chat and check in for 10 or 15 minutes things
I need to do continuously and if I don't do for a while
I need to notice one of the things may be on there is like show value from
QA there's some good things happening
I haven't shared to show to show the value of like some tools some process some
Data that represents how we are accelerating the achievement of quality
If I am going to convince people of or I feel like I need to convince people of that value
I need to make sure I find things to share frequently and if I'm not finding things to share
Make sure that I'm thinking about that as well. I would
Just think rethinking the answer piggybacking off of what you just said. There's another cash 22
How do you convince management to do this?
Right, whatever you do if you're gonna start with words
You're gonna have to align it to something that the business is concerned with
nowadays
Speed is something quality is another
Thing there's actually a list the big seven
Things for a business and it'll be like growth revenue
profit
efficiency blah blah blah you can look it up the
Critical thing I think that that were I in that role today. I would say okay
I would talk to to my executives and I say look this is what I'm gonna do you have all of these resources and
It only takes a few seconds to realize that
It is no longer the best practice
If you don't trust me there are I mean this is not like it was Microsoft ten years ago where there was
so many companies
There were so few companies that that had taken the risk and moved to agile now
It's all over you don't have you don't have to do these arguments like I did back in the day
Yeah, but I don't know if as many of
Again, I don't spend so much time trying to convince
Those above me that what I'm doing is the right thing. I just do
And and and later they go oh, yeah, of course you're doing the right
I think that's still better
But I'm trying to come up with what would be my best verbal argument on this one and if I were in your raw
I'd say here's this is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna take a portion of my resources and
What I'm going to do is I'm gonna have them spend their time not on doing unit testing
But making it friction free for dev to do their own unit testing. Yeah, and that's accelerating the right
I'm going I'm going to make it easier and easier for dev to do that's exactly
And that is exactly what I'd rather have my team do than write those tests themselves. The second thing I'm going to do is
I'm gonna do hands-on
Coaching and I'm gonna I'm gonna boost up
The the skill sets of your dev team the third thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna boost up the development skills of your test team
so I'm gonna convert your developers into
Specializing generalists and I'm gonna convert your testers and do specializing generalists. I'm gonna come after it a different way and
I'm gonna take point on
Leading the test side of the house as an engineering team. Let's start talking about what features my team works on
This is an example of giving people what they need versus what they want
Which is another great leadership and change organization skill if your manager were to come to you and say okay
You need to I need your team to give me test plans and write tests write all the tests of the dev team can get
Work on their features. I hear what you're saying. I
Understand we need to have tests make sure everything's done
I think I'm gonna try something a little different and I and here's why it's gonna work and then go into your thing
Right and then they get with it and they go. Oh, then you go and you go kid
Let's just do it for a week. I'm gonna have this
Target group one one feature teams gonna do it that way and let's just see how it goes if my way fails
If my way fails, we'll go back and do it your way, but I think it's gonna be better in the long run
You've hired me to be your manager for this QA team. I I
And to own quality air quote. I think this will work and of course all listeners go
Well, of course it'll work dub, but but you but again pointing here bosses
Brent and I included sometimes have to I think we're a little more open than most but you know what I get people they're like
This is the way I've always done it. Let me show you a different way now and
Really when they say this is the way I've always done it
Right. What's the value in that statement? It's it's like I know this way is of no risk
right, so just realize that what you're what you're representing is is is
Some risk to them and you do just got to be proactive in communicating
Now that's when you talk with executives when you talk with dev
you're gonna have to do it a different angle because again, they value you as
the person they blame later
Mm-hmm right back to that codependency. We've talked about great good discussion
I want to tie that into something again was shared on our slack group and an article from
Penaya called the 2017 state of functional testing report
Which I've read a couple times now highlighted a few things. I just want to kind of bring it up in
context of this traditional versus modern
Discussion Brent's taking it from me. No, I I did not bring my own copy
So I want to share
So I'm not gonna read the whole thing
It's a survey of people at 150 companies I think largely
IT shops versus people shipping software to customers, but maybe actually maybe a combination
Based based on the answers, but I both think that makes a relevant difference
Maybe it doesn't I don't know how they chose the companies
I thought the the insights were both telling and
some good some
WTF but a few points I wanted to bring up some that are interesting and reflective of just
Testing as we've been talking about in general and some that reflect on this
modern versus traditional argument, so I I scan the art the article and
I
do think
It's a fantastic piece of work is it's one of those things you definitely need to read with a
a critical eye and apply your own
Don't take everything at face value read and see what and try and read the intent behind what was there
but I definitely think this this
document in an abstract is
Saying that the stuff that we've been talking about a what's coming next for test is in fact what's coming next for test
All right. I'm gonna go through some things. I I circled and just get your comment on them
It's going to be a little disjointed because it has like a section then a recap then a section then a recap
And then I think it's a little overwritten
Like someone took a little bit white papers of the source
Yeah, so here's the first thing I circled is test automation is coveted by all but still too costly
Even for regression testing to implement without risk
Agree coveted by all
All except except a few people
No, no test automate. I mean we have as a whole and test we haven't moved out of the world where where
Test automation isn't the holy grail like and
Large companies like having an automated test suite and automated integration suite is the only way to scale. Yeah. No, I know
I say it's right but the costly regression
I mean what the problem is is that there isn't a lot of intelligence around test selection like if
Some of the comments on the slack channel regarding the last episode around how can test start getting into ML
Test selection is absolutely an obvious
ML problem. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and we should deep dive into that later
But just a sentence later in the same paragraph something very cool
It is expected by 31 percent of participants that QA and developers roles will eventually merge
Yeah, and that is I love that because I think for everyone who sees that that's the path there are at this stage
Anecdotally even on Twitter which people actually pay attention to testing much less
So it's interesting that executives definitely see that that move happening
I don't think 31% of testers or developers or managers overall in the industry
See that yet
No, but and anyone some will dig in their heels and fight it
No, we must have our separate discipline to make sure that we are the checks and balances and gatekeepers for quality
And it really what they are doing is their their risk adverse and
Going on here again. These are a lot of things we're going to agree with some and if you'll get there'll be a few WTFs
In there, but so 31% like I would I would say like 10 years ago. That would probably have been like 3%
Yes, yes, right. I definitely think that's on the rise and how about this and the question is is wins the tipping point
I bet you soon. I bet it's within the next three years that it I think it is over. I think it is almost half
47% of IT leaders surveyed believe that their tests do not accurately reflect real-life production
Scenarios. Yep, and that number is down because I think ten years ago people thought like 90%
Yeah, we have our int environment, which is an exact replication of production
People are getting it. They go. Oh, yeah, whatever we do internally. It doesn't match the real world
I had a conversation with a dev manager here like
This is why the testing and production stuff we talked about is way more critical when you ship
when you ship a product and you test it in a clean room environment and
Then you realize when you shipped it to prod it performs entirely different and the main reason why is when you go to prod
It's exactly clean for a microsecond. Yes
Because during the Coase life is going to be living in a dirty dirty dirty world
if you'd like us to elaborate and give you a hundred examples of
The same sort of thing and what things fail in production that work just fine up until then we can do a whole episode
Just sharing stories. Yeah
Moving on in fact when asked about their top test execution challenges most testing leaders reported tools that are
Unfriendly to non-technical testers. Yep
So I I pushed my button because of the non technical tester reference
But I guess they exist or they maybe not maybe they're labeled that but they're not really if
You want to leverage manual labor like technical people are expensive
Like the route that you're talking about is like look I would rather have one high paid tester on my team than ten load paid ones
Right. Well these guys are they're saying we want to do the opposite strategy. That's fine
I'm gonna fly through a few more quotes for you
This one is I'm worried that the number so low two out of three testing leaders surveyed
Stated that QA and testing initiatives are highly important to their organization's overall strategy
There's my WTF like uh, what wouldn't it be more? What about that third? They don't think it's highly important
I thought it was extremely important. I didn't read that one. I I
That's in the testing is no longer an afterthought section. Oh
Okay, cuz I I hear that stat with the cynical eye. Yeah, I'm like wait
The testing leader has told you that his QA initiatives are important to the business. Call me shocked. Yeah
Well, I read it as two-thirds really at also in the not surprising category
as I said as could be expected test automation is not everyone's wish list as
47% of test leaders predict that continuous delivery and agile adoption will lead to test automation for the majority of tests
Yeah, yeah
There's a section that says business and IT must converge and this is part of I think acceleration and and I
Think this is a critical section
If it's a section that I think they're talking about
It is about connecting business requirements business understanding with the testing effort
Yes that actually my summation of this section is it is it's
describing the need
for
modern testers
To directly associate their work to business business level
outcomes
Yeah, this is a section that it's overwhelming that creating a better customer experience is critical for for QA and testing
Yes enabling continuous delivery. This is a it is it is not our job to get to a hundred percent pass rate
No, it is our job
to
Grow CSAT or customer satisfaction by 6%
Yeah, I wrote in this my notes on this page of the article is all around
Accelerating. Yeah
Again, this is a section that says the test that did not accurately reflect real-life production scenarios at the regression suite is
Hard to create and maintain
One of the comments that came back in lower percentage was not enough developers for test automation
Which again without having some context around that may not know what they mean
So I'm not gonna comment too deeply on that. It's more of an investment
And again coming back to automation is too costly. I think I think the not enough developers thing for test automation
kind of reminds me of like sort of the
The old-school s-tet problem we had all the time. How do we?
Take some rockstar coders and
Seduce them into an s-tet role instead of a dev role. Mm-hmm
I think I think that will change over time because I do firmly think it's a mistake
And I think a couple things happen to one is that as we mentioned just a minute ago
That it gets easier and easier. Maybe we're already there. It's easy to write tests now. There are testing frameworks for
all over the place it's
Some set of tests and I think we'll begin to apply as we mentioned before
Machine learning and some and some computer generated tests to help cover additional testing. Yeah, and not just based on the code but based on
Customer patterns and tying those all together. I think in the next 10 years
I think ML is gonna do most of the testing quite honestly
the last section is on the
Untapped potential on test management and automation and overall there's again. There's a few
WTF moments. There's a revealing graph. I wrote yuck shows it
54% among these people surveyed of their functional testing is done manually. What's the point they're trying to make?
like 54% doesn't surprise me but
That seems quite high to me. Has it gone down? Is it going? That's the thing
I I bet that still improved from where it was a few years ago
Where we're at now the state of the Union is not where I think it should be. I
Know I agree, but I think the point of this argument is is essentially
Testing is undergoing a worldwide transformation
Yes. Yes, and it's clear. It's interesting because we're in some silos of
even you with within a company of
Teams that are they get it and they're advanced and they're trying to even move even faster
but you know for just from conversations on Twitter and
Reading articles on the internet a lot of there are many many more that just don't get it
so what I like in reading this article is that
We're seeing that there are more people who actually get it than I kind of thought there were which is good
We're reaching that tipping point where where the traditional tester the traditional test model is
Going to start fading more rapidly it is and we've explained this right?
it's because the the the business landscape has changed and
Where companies realize that they have all of these resources on testing that aren't necessarily needed
sticking to the old model
Is a Darwinistic risk?
Meaning yeah, right. Yeah, and then I'm gonna still part of one paragraph which reflects some of our discussion
Test cases based on business knowledge of the relevant cases to automate is the way forward say yeah
So there's some pretty good insight in here. Normally. I hate these survey based. This is confirmation bias
I may be because normally I hate these survey based articles, but this one there's a few like head knotters in here
It's I'll put a link up to you have to it's one of those places
One of those reports where you give that to give them their email address to get the report
Ball put a link up for it if you want to check it out yourself like I said it's a little
overwritten and a little
bombastic
but
Still I think an interesting read and worth
Maybe use your throwaway email address you all have one if you don't you gotta have that throw away
You just sign up for shit with right right if you don't have one then just go to you know
Google and create another one. Yeah, I recommend Google for that one so that
Microsoft doesn't have to pay for everybody's crappy
Advertisements only email addresses
Anyway, I think that I think the nutshell on this one is yeah, this is an interesting doc
I would not hold it as you know the holy truth
nothing in fact nothing you read or hear should you ever hold us the holy truth, but I
I
Would take it seriously, and I think I like it and again
This is confirmation bias flying through and I recognize that it's that double comfort. I'm confirming confirmation bias what happens there
I think I just exploded
You're running late for a meeting but it proves to me that
the direction that we see and the direction that many of our listeners see is I
Get some validation in that because I think it's not just me in my little world and in fact I meet people who go well
I'm in QA, but it's not like everyone else's QA then we have a discussion go. Oh, yeah, we're on the same page
Welcome welcome to the world. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, and I've seen that more and more and it's kind of fantastic. I
I see the dots connecting. I do think that there's a risk of confirmation bias. I wouldn't use this I
Would I use this as hey?
this survey seems to see a
Similar future as to what I see and it does
sort of
See a similar timeline, I think yep, and the future so bright we got to wear shades
Yeah, and less you know you can
You're holding on with white knuckles to 1990s. Yeah, and there are those out there
No time to dig into today, but I read another article
Recently of for it seems like every one of these I read we just talked about there's another two articles of people holding on tight
to
traditional testing
Yeah, it's I've been in both I
Think the biggest problem is when when people are having these polarized arguments
They really from where they stand they really can't see where the other person is coming from absolutely
I've been in both that last week, and I I
I remember the first day
I was doing the Kanban, and I'm like shipping things in small little packets that seems so odd to me
But then the first day I shipped something and I brought the product on the floor. I'm like oh my god
All I have to do is spend 15 minutes and revert this
Whereas every other time in the old-school world it was weeks of trying to figure out what the hell the problem was
Yeah, yeah, it's a good world. It is all right. I'm gonna book out of here
And I'm not and I'm not Brent. I'm Alan. I'm Brent. See ya